So in the last video, we already ran npm run build, this script here which is key to create this dist folder
with the build.js file,
it bundles all the files from the source folder together into one bundle which holds all your code,
now this and the index.html file needs to be deployed. In this a webpack-simple template as well
as the other templates created by the vue cli,
everything's already configured to be deployment ready. If you're not using them,
let's have a look at the webpack config file,
the important parts here are these define plugin where we basically set the mode to production here which
will strip out some additional warnings vuejs would throw otherwise, this will reduce the file
size because we don't need the warnings anymore
and it also makes sure that your deployed application doesn't give some impossibly meaningful warnings
to visitors of your page,
you don't want to do that.
Then we also have the optimize plugin here, the uglify.js plugin which minifies everything,
which means shortens your words, makes everything more compact so that it works great.
Now with these two steps in place, warning stripped out and everything minified, again this is done
automatically by the template set up through the cli,
we're ready to deploy our app,
so now that we have this build.js file and the index.html file, we get everything we need.
Let's now see how we can actually deploy it
and I will show this at the example of Amazon Web Services S3.